# MIT Admissions to be renamed MIT Rejections
## Admissions does more rejecting than admitting, years of data reveal
***
MIT Admissions is set to be renamed MIT Rejections because surveys have shown they reject more students than they admit. In a recent look at the data, the Admissions offi ce found that they had rejected more than 90 percent of applicants overall for the past 10 years. “We don’t want to mislead students,” Dean of Rejections Stu Schill said in an interview with What The Tech. “You wouldn’t call a finite corridor infinite or Kendall Polygon a square. So why do we call my office ‘MIT Admissions?’” In a related moniker shift, the MIT Admissions blog will be renamed the MIT Rejections blog, and it will feature proportional representation of rejects and admits. “We’ve been rejecting rejection in MIT Admissions’s name for so long,” Schill said. “It’s time to fi nally accept rejection.” At press time, MIT Rejections was considering renaming themselves “MIT Deferrals” for the period between December and March each year. <br /> <br />

This news comes right after April of 2021, where MIT accepted only 4% out of a record-breaking 30k applicants. MIT admissions office responded to a recent comment, clarifying that "unfortunately, MIT regulations have forced us to reject more than 96% of our applicants. Despite the fact that MIT does not have a limit to how many students we could accept, as have a limit to how many students we can accept. In short, yes - we lied during out Q&A session." Secretary Bill Diferently clarifies further, saying that "We have seen a drastic uptick in students performing biological research involving the COVID-19 virus. This biohazard is on par with the power of nuclear fission and hence, we are forced to deny most of our applicants in traditional MIT fashion. We hope this wave of rejection will deter students from venturing too far into the world of subatomics."